
# Enable or disable the natural spawning of the turtle mob
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.enabled (Enable turtle spawning) bool true

# List of nodenames that the turtle mob can spawn on top of
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.on (Nodes the turtle will spawn on) string default:dirt_with_grass, default:jungle_grass, default:sand, default:desert_sand

# List of nodenames that the turtle mob can spawn beside
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.near (Nodes the turtle will spawn near) string default:dirt_with_grass, default:jungle_grass, default:sand, default:desert_sand, default:papyrus, default:cactus, dryplants:juncus, dryplants:reedmace

# Interval in seconds that specifies when the turtle mob will try to spawn
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.interval (Time between turtle spawning) int 30 1

# Inverted chance for an turtle to spawn on a given node
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.chance (Rarity of turtle spawning) int 300000 1

# The minimum light level the turtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.min_light (Min. light level for turtle spawning) int 5 0

# The maximum light level the turtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.max_light (Max. light level for turtle spawning) int 20 0

# The minimum height the turtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.min_height (Min. world height for turtle spawning) int 1 -31000 31000

# The maximum height the turtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.max_height (Max. world height for turtle spawning) int 5000 -31000 31000

# Number of turtle mobs to spawn at one time inside map area
mobs_turtles.turtle.spawn.active_object_count (Number of turtles in the same place) int 1 1




# Enable or disable the natural spawning of the seaturtle mob
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.enabled (Enable seaturtle spawning) bool true

# List of nodenames that the seaturtle mob can spawn on top of
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.on (Nodes the seaturtle will spawn on) string default:water_flowing, default:water_source

# List of nodenames that the seaturtle mob can spawn beside
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.near (Nodes the seaturtle will spawn near) string default:water_flowing, default:water_source, group:seaplants, seawrecks:woodship, seawrecks:uboot

# Interval in seconds that specifies when the seaturtle mob will try to spawn
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.interval (Time between seaturtle spawning) int 30 1

# Inverted chance for an seaturtle to spawn on a given node
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.chance (Rarity of seaturtle spawning) int 300000 1

# The minimum light level the seaturtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.min_light (Min. light level for seaturtle spawning) int 5 0

# The maximum light level the seaturtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.max_light (Max. light level for seaturtle spawning) int 20 0

# The minimum height the seaturtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.min_height (Min. world height for seaturtle spawning) int -50 -31000 31000

# The maximum height the seaturtle mob can spawn at
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.max_height (Max. world height for seaturtle spawning) int 0 -31000 31000

# Number of seaturtle mobs to spawn at one time inside map area
mobs_turtles.seaturtle.spawn.active_object_count (Number of seaturtles in the same place) int 1 1