
# Enable or disable the natural spawning of the clownfish mob
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.enabled (Enable clownfish spawning) bool true

# List of nodenames that the clownfish mob can spawn on top of
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.on (Nodes the clownfish will spawn on) string default:water_source, default:water_flowing, default:river_water_source, default:river_water_flowing

# List of nodenames that the clownfish mob can spawn beside
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.near (Nodes the clownfish will spawn near) string default:sand, default:dirt, group:seaplants, group:seacoral

# Interval in seconds that specifies when the clownfish mob will try to spawn
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.interval (Time between clownfish spawning) int 30 1

# Inverted chance for an clownfish to spawn on a given node
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.chance (Rarity of clownfish spawning) int 100000 1

# The minimum light level the clownfish mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.min_light (Min. light level for clownfish spawning) int 5 0

# The maximum light level the clownfish mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.max_light (Max. light level for clownfish spawning) int 20 0

# The minimum height the clownfish mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.min_height (Min. world height for clownfish spawning) int -50 -31000 31000

# The maximum height the clownfish mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.max_height (Max. world height for clownfish spawning) int -1 -31000 31000

# Number of clownfish mobs to spawn at one time inside map area
mobs_fish.clownfish.spawn.active_object_count (Number of clownfish in the same place) int 1 1




# Enable or disable the natural spawning of the tropical mob
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.enabled (Enable tropical fish spawning) bool true

# List of nodenames that the tropical mob can spawn on top of
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.on (Nodes the tropical fish will spawn on) string default:water_source, default:water_flowing, default:river_water_source, default:river_water_flowing

# List of nodenames that the tropical mob can spawn beside
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.near (Nodes the tropical fish will spawn near) string default:sand, default:dirt, group:seaplants, group:seacoral

# Interval in seconds that specifies when the tropical mob will try to spawn
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.interval (Time between tropical fish spawning) int 30 1

# Inverted chance for an tropical fish to spawn on a given node
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.chance (Rarity of tropical fish spawning) int 100000 1

# The minimum light level the tropical mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.min_light (Min. light level for tropical fish spawning) int 5 0

# The maximum light level the tropical mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.max_light (Max. light level for tropical fish spawning) int 20 0

# The minimum height the tropical mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.min_height (Min. world height for tropical fish spawning) int -50 -31000 31000

# The maximum height the tropical mob can spawn at
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.max_height (Max. world height for tropical fish spawning) int -1 -31000 31000

# Number of tropical mobs to spawn at one time inside map area
mobs_fish.tropical.spawn.active_object_count (Number of tropical fish in the same place) int 1 1